hey whats up guys let me show you how to
use em to buchi liberation the mod motor
and blackstone the mod menu where we
will they get a description to download
and I'm also going to be heading at the
description how to install so let's get
started open up this these three boxes
checked these two checked on steam open
or and then we're going to want to click
login I am new on this other side once
it's off family hey whats up guys um
we're back in the degrees are you my
internet that type of strict don't worry
about it because I fixed it distal
sister give a little private match game
setup I'm just going to change it to UM
rust mr. now arm the very first thing
you're going to want to do is just
you're gonna obviously wanna for
ourselves I'll show you how to get into
the game booths
well the very first thing i do is i
press f4 which allows me to get better
graphics old better yes so if your night
on and then as he saw in the lower left
corner settle present so here's my
London you five is to go down I just go
up so I'm going to go down to host we go
to horse shows now you'll always be host
on games and then let's also turn on up
there and by moving on you can change
the rats here um change all the game
settings low gravity super job
ours to back out of your chair um f7 I
boobies turn on rapid fire
it's 40 so can I have a Superman arm
also the my menu you're going to go you
could to do childhood ease from tempe go
to hear those 70 unlike all move your
thumb birds and then press for you
control the players this is you give
them all that stuff and then ours the
back out a lot or back out of the bag on
you by the way and go back then you
could go to your account and that just
gives you those options um infections no
time you can see it says there you
better set in the corner um filme
streaks I'll just get myself in a 730
I'm gonna trap again I infusers what
you could go down to your stats put all
the stats on you could go time up you
could go down to your weapons and just
give you a bunch of other stuff um so
you guys I said it you got
you wanna go to bravos you can see about
to go
I besides myself as a a shield 30 and I
can just walk around with this young
baby
um this is the teleporter gun
i'm back in the menu
Jackie I think read my cell phone forge
options all this good stuff um kudos and
then you can put on oh this microphone
once I only just can't decide to get out
of this boat
all right then I'm going to go to host
this is how you put that in bag I'm
fearing but you're still theme by is
just this it doesn't get a chance oh I
put on I'm very about watch you can just
hold your aging get pills
and then I'm natural practically guess
um so she had my next tutorial peace out